When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I would do that if I`m not on my own computer, or I would like to do something, that is public, 
and I would like to share my work with others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Maybe I would like to do some experimental changes, that could break final product, so I would rather make those changes safe and
therefore, I would make them only local, and when everything`s alright, I can just add it to repository, and if it isn`t, I`ll just
reload everything from online repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are stored on GitHub, and not on local machine. They are useful, when I don`t want to paste them to my local computer, but
I still want acces to them.
Clones are copies from GitHub repositories into local computer. They are useful when I want to add something from GitHub to my local
computer.
Branches are present on local machine, and they are like parts of the tree of my program. They are useful when adding some extra
features, that are just in test phase.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

I think the biggest benefit would be when I want to upload some older version, because I`m not happy with new one.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I could use some other cloud services like OneDrive, or Google Drive. For example, I can imagine, that on Google Drive, I could use
Google+ to communicate, and maybe communication would be easier that way, but I can doing it when I`m using GitHub too. But I`m sure,
that making changes would be much more harder when using Google Drive, than using GitHub.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

I would make changes in separate branches, when I want to do changes, but they can be different from changes made by others,
and ther is some risk of conflicts. Creating something in master branch can a lot more easier most of the time, but working
in separate branches can add some more effectivity when working on bigger projects.